oh yeah tubby rack
these stubby rags over here that thinks
that the robots they're stuck
they can't you fuckers need to lose some
lbs baby drop the male bees oh let's
face back up to your door sometimes shit
can all sorts of Legendary's no holy
crap this building just shit three
cubbies oh good suicidal tummies man
there's a lot of fucking dummies on the
screen right now tubby orgy when I face
like it makes another tough tough NATO
let's bury them all in the middle Alan
you still get a quasar get them all
together I'm gonna make a tornado there
we go on the zero right be amazing with
zero later
Chubby's enough panties in the nether
region
oh we got a fashionable storm
my take singing oh oh my god
God finger TomTom at that and another
rare skin over this way
gotcha
and then jump over into the
we're gonna have the solution for those
Oh My Jesus
tubby Skaggs just popped all the midget
boxes kind of kind of surprised
Wow
shit all 300 of burlesdon social touch
you
oh look at that shit a joke oh shit a
few targets fault
here we come right through the ceiling
as ever
I was like a mile up in the sky now
oh yeah judge you're never dead as long
as I can jump